# github-app-reader

> A GitHub App built with [Probot](https://github.com/probot/probot) that A Probot app

## Setup

```sh
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run the bot
npm start
```

## Usuage
Once the GitHub App is set up and running, it provides the following functionality:

1. **Integration with All GitHub Repositories**: The app will be able to integrate with all repositories on GitHub.

2. **Listen for Pull Request Creation Events**: The app will be configured to listen for events related to the creation of pull requests in repositories.

3. **Code Execution Trigger**: The app will detect when a pull request contains a specific command, such as /execute, either in a comment or commit message.

4. **Utilize an External Code Execution API**: The app will interact with an external code execution API, such as the PISTON API, to execute the code provided in the pull request.

5. **Execute Code**: The app will be able to take the code from the pull request, send it to the chosen API for execution, and capture the output.

6. **Post Output as Response or Comment**: After executing the code, the app will post the output of the code execution either as a response to the pull request or as a comment in the pull request discussion.

By implementing these features, your GitHub App will be able to automate code execution and provide feedback on pull requests containing the /execute command.


## Demo

[Demo Video](https://github.com/Shubhanshuarya/app-reader/blob/master/video/demo_video.mp4)

## Docker

```sh
# 1. Build container
docker build -t github-app-reader .

# 2. Start container
docker run -e APP_ID=<app-id> -e PRIVATE_KEY=<pem-value> github-app-reader
```

## Summary

Approach Taken:

The GitHub App was developed to automate code execution upon specific command detection in pull requests. The following approach was followed:

1. **Integration Setup**: The GitHub App was configured to have access to all GitHub repositories, allowing it to listen to pull request creation events.

2. **Event Detection**: The app was programmed to monitor pull request events and examine comments and commit messages for the /execute command.

3. **Code Execution**: When the /execute command was detected, the app extracted the code from the pull request and sent it to an external code execution API, like the PISTON API.

4. **Output Capture**: The app captured the output generated by the code execution API and prepared it for posting.

5. **Response Posting**: The output was posted as a response to the pull request, providing the executed code's results.

Challenges Faced:

This is no as such challeneges. This is my first time for Github Apps + Octokit + Piston. So, it takes a little bit more time to completed. 

## Contributing

If you have suggestions for how github-app-reader could be improved, or want to report a bug, open an issue! We'd love all and any contributions.

For more, check out the [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

[ISC](LICENSE) © 2023 Shubhanshu Arya